docs(ad-api): add operation mode api (#161)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-interfaces/ad-api/list/api/operation/mode/index.md

# Operation Mode

- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/state') }}
- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/change_to_autonomous') }}
- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/change_to_stop') }}
- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/change_to_local') }}
- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/change_to_remote') }}
- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/engage') }}
- {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/disengage') }}

## Description

As shown below, Autoware assumes that the vehicle interface has two modes, Autoware control and direct control.
In direct control mode, the vehicle is operated using devices such as steering and pedals.
If the vehicle does not support direct control mode, it is always treated as Autoware control mode.

> Autoware control mode has four operation modes. driver, local, remote, stop and autonomous.

Reviewer: - Sort the order to be consistent with the enum order in the message.
- `driver` is unnecessary.
- Itemization looks good.
  - [IMO] Capitalization or using back quotes looks good to me.

```suggestion
Autoware control mode has four operation modes: `stop`, `autonomous`, `local`, and `remote`.
```

Or like this?

```suggestion
Autoware control mode has four operation modes.
1. Stop: Keep the vehicle stopped.
2. Autonomous: Autonomously control the vehicle.
3. Local: Manually control the vehicle from inside the vehicle by some device such as a joystick.
4. Remote: Manually control the vehicle from a web application on the cloud.
```

Typically, local mode is a joystick and remote mode is web application.
Stop mode is used to keep the vehicle stopped. Autonomous mode is for driving with Autoware.

![operation-mode-architecture](./architecture.drawio.svg)

## States

### Autoware control flag

> The flag `is_in_autoware_control` indicates if the vehicle is controlled by Autoware.

Reviewer: Wait for comments on another thread.

```suggestion
The flag `is_engaged` indicates if the vehicle is controlled by Autoware.
```

| Name       | Description                                                |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| STOP       | The stop command is selected to stop the vehicle.          |
| AUTONOMOUS | The autonomous command is selected for autonomous driving. |
| LOCAL      | The local command is selected.                             |
| REMOTE     | The remote command is selected.                            |

### Variables

| Name              | Type | Description                                      |
| ----------------- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------ |

> | is_driver_control | bool | True if direct control by the driver is enabled. |

Reviewer: Hmm? What is `/api/driving/engage` for? I'll re-check it.

> | is_driver_control | bool | True if direct control by the driver is enabled. |

Author: The API `/api/driving/engage` is used to start diriving in autonomous mode. At a bus stop, this flag remains false and the driving state switches. This flag is just means that the vehicle interface uses the command from selector or not.

# Operation Mode

> - {{ link_ad_api('/api/operation/mode/state') }}

Reviewer: What else will there be added under `operation` in addition to `operation/mode`?
Is it not good if we use `operation_mode` instead?

Author: For example, I am considering `/api/operation/command/remote` for remote operation mode.

Author: This looks good.
* `/api/operaton_mode/state`
* `/api/external_control/remote(local)/command`

Author: Ahange api name https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/161/commits/b442daaf08bed3155a6266decec08ac0ad7ade2a.

| Stop       | Keep the vehicle stopped.                                                     |
| Autonomous | Autonomously control the vehicle.                                             |
| Local      | Manually control the vehicle from nearby with some device such as a joystick. |
| Remote     | Manually control the vehicle from a web application on the cloud.             |

![operation-mode-architecture](./architecture.drawio.svg)

## States

### Autoware control flag

The flag `is_in_autoware_control` indicates if the vehicle is controlled by Autoware.
The engage and disengage APIs can be used if the mode can be switched by software.
These APIs will always fail if the vehicle does not support mode switching or is switched by hardware.

### Operation mode and change flags

The state `operation_mode` indicates what command is used when Autoware control is enabled.
The flags `change_to_*` can be used to check if it is possible to transition to each mode.

### Transition flag

Since Autoware may not be able to guarantee safety, such as switching to autonomous mode during overspeed.
There is the flag `is_in_transition` for this situation and it will be true when changing modes.

> The operator who changed the mode should ensure safety while this flag is true. The flag will be false when the mode change is complete.

Reviewer 2: @isamu-takagi 
I feel like this sentence is moved to state.md. what do you think?

Author: Since this page is an overview of the operation mode, I think it is better to include a description of the states.
The page state.md is dedicated to `/api/operation/mode/state`.
